Identifying XSS Vulnerabilities
We can find potential entry points for XSS
by examining a web application
and identifying input fields
(such as search fields) that
accept unsanitized input,
which is displayed as output
in subsequent pages.
Once we identify an entry point,
we can input special characters,
and observe the output
to see if any of the special
characters return unfiltered.
If the application does not remove
or encode these characters,
it may be vulnerable to XSS
as the characters can be used
to introduce code into the page.
If we can inject these special
characters into the page,
the browser will treat
them as code elements.
We can then begin to build code that
will be executed in the victim’s browser.